[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
MECHA GAUKO
[humming]
[Naoko giggles] These are so cute.
When I wear a new pair of sneakers,
my feet feel so light and airy.
♪ La la la la la ♪
I feel like I'm walking on clouds.
[yelps]
-[Bibilian, chuckles] Naoko!
-[gasps]
I shot a red carpet beam
so that you will come to me.
[yelps]
[cawing]
[screams] This is the worst!
It's your fault, you ridiculous alien!
[roars]
[groans]
Today's weather will be sunny
with a chance of a falling dinosaur.
[growls]
Naoko, are you all right?
-[roaring]
-Oh! Oh! Oh! [screams]
I'm glad you're doing so well!
[roaring]
[drone bleeping]
She's fine even after falling
from that height.
Gauko, very formidable.
This is a VR machine that I made.
-If I do this...
-[bleeps]
If you add salt when you boil pasta,
it will give it a firm texture.
...I can watch cooking shows, too.
That settles it.
I'm having pasta for lunch!
I can make such an amazing VR machine
because I am the great scientist
Gennai Hiraga's descendant Gengoro Hiraga.
Grandpa, are you talking
to yourself aloud?
Since I was a child,
I've had ingenious scientific talent.
I was a robotic engineering prodigy.
But I didn't bother going to college...
Woah, Grandpa!
...but I continued
to research robotics on my own.
And after decades of struggle,
I have achieved mankind's dream
and completed a giant super-powered robot!
[Halley screams]
However,
my robot was defeated
by that dinosaur Gauko!
And I swore to myself,
I will make a robot
that will not be defeated by Gauko.
It will be a true super-powered robot!
It was your robot that destroyed
the nuisance of this town, dinosaur Gauko?
That's right!
I am the genius scientist, Gengoro Hiraga.
[laughs]
I will analyze and study Gauko thoroughly
and make a robot
that surpasses the power of--
Ouch... [complains indistinctly]
Huh?
-Oh!
-[Halley gasps]
A few weeks later...
So today, we will study the Three Laws
of Robotics by Isaac Asimov.
Take it!
[grunts] You!
Hey, you two! Pay attention!
[boys grunting]
[boys squeal]
[moaning]
Mr. R3!
Wasn't the first law of the three laws
that a robot cannot harm a human being?
I am not harming them. This is tough love.
Scary.
What?
No, nothing.
Isn't that power harassment?
No, robotic harassment, babu.
-[stomps]
-Babu?
[stomping continues]
Emergency earthquake alert!
Attention students! Evacuate
to the school courtyard immediately!
[roaring]
[Grandpa] See my creation!
It's finally finished!
My anti-Gauko fighting robot,
Mecha Gauko!
-[roar intermitten]
-[screams]
[roars]
[squeals]
Huh? Wha-- wha-- what's going on?
-[roars]
-What are you doing?
[shouts] Don't destroy the school!
-[roars]
-[Naoko screams]
Ah! My favorite sneaker!
You're not getting away with this!
[Gauko roars]
[growls]
At last, there you are, Dinosaur Gauko!
-[robotic roaring]
-[Gauko grunting]
[Grandpa] This is it! Mecha Gauko,
show her what you've got!
MATSUI MEAT SHOP
[Aunty] Toshio, the croquettes are ready.
Please deliver them to the school.
[Toshio] Okay!
Huh?
-[roars]
-[Toshio] What's going on?
[grunts, yelping]
Guh? Huh?
Toshio?
[gasps]
Now's my chance!
[roars]
[yelps]
[robotic roaring]
[drone buzzing]
Yes, that's it! Get her!
Now, we add ketchup.
Enough with the pasta!
Go, Gauko!
We don't want to see a weak Gauko!
You can do it, Gauko!
-You can do it!
-[kids cheering]
-[Gauko groaning]
-[Mecha-Gauko roaring]
What's wrong, Gauko?
Come on, stand up, Gauko. You can do it!
No, you can't cheer her on.
Why not?
Naoko Watanabe turns into Gauko
when she's angry.
Anger is the power source for Gauko.
So what?
Get Gauko angry!
The more she gets mad,
the stronger Gauko will be!
Oh, I get it.
Okay then. Gauko, you're the worst!
You're losing!
I've been thinking this for a while,
but your feet stink, babu!
[kids clamoring indistinctly]
[roars]
[growling]
Wh-- What is this?
[Mecha-Gauko grunts, squeals]
[groaning, exclaims]
[thud]
[Grandpa] Ouch!
-[dog barking]
-[Grandpa groaning]
-You did it!
-[indistinc chatter]
You were so cool, babu.
Super Gauko!
Gauko is our hero!
What? I'm a hero?
I see. Ms. Naoko Watanabe,
you'll take responsibility as Gauko?
Responsibility for what?
That robot seemed like it was after Gauko,
which means it's your fault
this happened to our school.
[groans]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪